---
layout: master
title: April 2003 Election Results
---
{% highlight text %}
Please return this ballot, preferably PGP signed, to votes@oftc.net
between April 8th at 00:00:01 UTC and April 11th at 23:59:59 UTC.

Section 1: Staff Rankings

Please rank all staff from 1-33.

- Do not use the same number twice.
- Either completely fill out this section or do not fill it out at all,
  a partially filled ballot cannot be counted accurately and will be
  disregarded.
- Consider treating Sponsors more leniently as their participation is
  in the form of a provided server, even if they are not active within the
  staff.
- The breakdown of the results will be as follows:

	1 	Chair
	1-8	NOC
	9-16	Network Operators
	17-28	Network Representatives
	29-33	Removed from Staff

Rank	Name			Nick			Role(s)
___	Gary Allpike 		spice  			NetRep, Sponsor
___	Seth Arnold 		sarnold  		NetRep
___	Rob Bradford 		robster  		NetOp, Sponsor
___	Simon Chrich 		ratx  			Sponsor
___	Phillip Cockrell 	gcc  			NetOp
___	Julien Danjou 		acid  			NetRep
___	Raymond DeRoo 		RainMkr  		NetRep, Sponsor
___	Bernhard Dick 		WES][-Bernie-  		NetRep
___	Kevin Ford 		kev   			Sponsor
___	David Graham 		cdlu  			NOC, Chair
___	Andre Guibert de Bruet 	andy  			NOC, Sponsor
___	Austin Hair 		Austin  		NetRep
___	Richard Harman 		warewolf  		NetOp, Sponsor
___	David B. Harris 	ElectricElf  		NOC
___	Stephen Hildrey 	steve  			NetOp
___	Jeremy Johnston 	Jeremy  		NetRep
___	Patrick Lenz 		scoop  			NetOp, Sponsor
___	Florian Lohoff 		lolo  			NetRep, Sponsor
___	Matt London 		Matt  			NOC, Ombudsman, Sponsor
___	Andrew Mulholland 	cpufreak  		NOC, Sponsor
___	Laradji Nacer 		Taiwan  		NetRep
___	Simon Putz 		xenium  		Sponsor
___	Michael Römer 		miro  			NOC, Sponsor
___	Rik van Riel 		riel  			NOC, Sponsor
___	Josip Rodin 		Joy  			NetRep, Sponsor
___	Richard Rose 		rik  			NetOp
___	Haris Sehic 		hajvan  		NetRep, Sponsor
___	Jon Teh 		JT  			NetRep
___	Stuart Walsh 		cryogen  		NOC, Sponsor
___	Branden R. Williams 	brw  			NetOp
___	Doug Winter 		winjer  		Sponsor
___	Brian Wolfe 		Sir_Ahzz  		Sponsor
___	Mark Zealey 		JALH  			NetOp


Section 2: Do you agree with the following people being Advisors?
	Not answering will be counted as a "Yes". Please ensure that if
        you object, you write "No".

Yes/No	Name		Nick	Role
___	Luca Filipozzi 	luca  	Advisor
___	Pierre Machard 	migus  	Advisor/TuxFamily Representative
___	Martin Schulze 	Joey  	Advisor/SPI Representative


Section 3: Ombudsman
	While, Constitutionally, the number 2 person on the ballot is the
	Ombudsman, a fair system is to allow voters to explicitly select
        an Ombudsman. If the number 2 person in section 1 and the
        Ombudsman selected here are not the same person, the number 2
        person will be asked if they object to this person becoming
        Ombudsman in their stead.

Please specify the full name and/or nickname of the staff member you would
	like to be OFTC's Ombudsman:


Section 4: Yes/No questions. Unanswered questions will be counted as a "Yes",
	so please ensure that if you object, you write "No".

Yes/No	Issue - No answer will be counted as a "Yes"
___	Do you believe OFTC should remain a member project of Software
	in the Public Interest?


Section 5: Comments

If you would like to send anonymous comments to the new Network Operations
Committee, please enter them here:

__________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________

If you would like to send comments to be attached to the election results,
please enter them here:

[ ] Anonymous, please (Offensive comments will not be anonymised)

__________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________


Please return this ballot, preferably PGP signed, to votes@oftc.net between
April 8th at 00:00:01 UTC and April 11th at 23:59:59 UTC.
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight text %}
21 valid votes were submitted, however, only 18 votes contained a
valid section 1.  The votes were counted by Pierre Machard, Martin
Michlmayr and Luca Filipozzi.

Section 1. The General Election
===============================

1 - Chair
1-8 - NOC
9-16 - Network Operators
17-28 - Network Representatives
29-33 - Removed from Staff

 1.          96        cpufreak

 2.         106        cdlu
 3.         123        cryogen
 4.         147        miro
 5.         166        ElectricElf
 6.         175        Matt
 7.         187        andy
 8.         189        steve

 9.         234        riel
10.         255        winjer
11.         265        rik
12.         272        robster
13.         277        warewolf
14.         281        scoop
15.         288        brw
16.         307        hajvan

17.         316        kev
18.         337        ratx
19.         372        Jeremy
20 + 21.    379        WES][-Bernie-, Joy
22.         384        sarnold
23 + 24.    385        spice, xenium
25.         386        Sir_Ahzz
26.         393        RainMkr
27.         394        JALH
28.         398        gcc

29.         406        lolo
30.         433        acid
31.         437        JT
32.         442        Austin
33.         504        Taiwan


Section 2. Advisor Roles
========================

Luca Filipozzi
  Yes: 20
  No:   1

Pierre Machard
  Yes: 21
  No:   0

Joey Schulze (Advisor from Software in the Public Interest)
  Yes: 21
  No:   0


Section 3. The Role of Ombudsman
================================

Matt London: 10
Andrew Mulholland: 2
Michael R?mer: 2
David B. Harris: 1


Section 4. Relationship with SPI
================================

SPI:
  Yes: 20
  No:   1


Section 5. Comments
===================

Comment to the NOC:

<cdlu>
Please consider web voting for the next election

<cpufreak>
I have really enjoyed my term in the network operations commitee, for
the last 6 months. Whatever the results of the election, I remain fully
commited to OFTC.

<gcc>
None at this time

<matt>
Keep up the good work guys!

<warewolf>
cookies.  oftc should sell lots of cookies_


Comment attached with the election:

<anonymous>
Some new method of voting would be keen .. selecting a few
people to be near the end of the results is rather stressful,
when several of them are going to be cut from staff. :-/

<xenium>
wouldnt it have been much easier to make a little php page for this
voting stuff?

<anonymous>
oftc should make cookies made from real girlscouts.  They're nummy.

-- 
Martin Michlmayr
tbm@cyrius.com
{% endhighlight %}
