---
layout: master
title: 2005 Election Results
---
{% highlight text %}
  Rank	Total	Nickname	Ombudsman	Remove	Voted
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOC								
=============================================================================
     1	 25	ElectricElf	2
     2	 50	cryogen		
     3	 52	cdlu		1			Y
     4	 59	sarnold		1			Y
     5	 80	warewolf				Y
     6	 81	weasel					Y
     7	 93	Matt		5			Y
     8	116	luca
     
Network Operators
=============================================================================
     9	133	hajvan					Y
    10	134	rik					Y
    11	147	andy
    12	153	bendy24
    13	176	miro
    14	177	riel
    15	179	mc				1	Y
    16	186	brw		1			Y
    
Network Representatives
=============================================================================
    17	207	goodell
    18	214	winjer
    19	219	nemith
    20	232	kepe
    21	235	caker
    22	242	Joy				1
    23	248	robster				1
    24	250	spice
    25	267	Hydroxide			1
    26	272	kveton
    27	275	lorenzo					Y
    28	279	Matthew					Y
    29	279	zwane				1
    30	280	maxx				1
    31	285	scoop
    32	288	cdub				1
    33	315	CHS
    34	317	polvi				1

=============================================================================
Section 2: Do you agree with the following people being Advisors?
           Not answering will be counted as a "Yes". Please ensure that if
           you object, you write "No".

Yes       Pierre Machard         migus       Advisor/TuxFamily Representative
Yes       Martin Schulze         Joey        Advisor/SPI Representative

=============================================================================
Section 4: Yes/No questions. Unanswered questions will be counted as a
           "Yes", so please ensure that if you object, you write "No".

Yes        Do you believe OFTC should remain a member project of Software
           in the Public Interest?

=============================================================================
Section 5:

From: Matthew Sullivan <matthew@sorbs.net>

	Where is 'Section 3' of the Ballot?  Also as this is the first 
	Ballot, the Instructions on what is being voted for and how to 
	do it don't seem clear.	You might want to look at it, or explain
	it to newbs in the future.


From: "Branden R. Williams" <brw@brw.net>

	No section 3 on the ballot?  Also, could we get some good 
	documentation on Services & the IRCD functions?


From: Lorenzo Hernández García-Hierro <lorenzo@gnu.org>

	Just to note that, even if I haven't been completely involved
	in the OFTC operations this year, I've seen and received great
	feedback and treatment. Specially from ElectricElf and weasel. 
	I would like to thank also sarnold, for all his help and 
	suggestions that some day, months ago, made me interested in the
	OFTC; among many other things like listening to my stupid 
	questions when I started on Linux kernel hacking and his 
	guidance, which, among other things, helped to get done projects
	like vSecurity. Also, I must say thanks to the whole staff for 
	the great work and time investment that makes OFTC a *real* 
	"peer project" ;), without a "I-rule-'em-all" team turning 
	simple things into difficulties. Everything goes pretty smooth 
	and clear, and that makes the difference.

	Finally, I couldn't imagine a right ranking clearly, as I don't
	know most of the 34 members, but at least I've tried to give 
	greater rank to people I've seen working working hard, helping 
	and moving things around. The reason of giving myself the 34 is 
	that It would be really mean to give a greater ranking to myself,
	when many people have done a better job, and thus deserve more 
	than me.

	Happy hacking, fellows!

	> [ ] Anonymous, please (Offensive comments will not be 
	> anonymised)

	No need to appear as anonymous. I'm sure It's way better to show
	people what I say and think when it comes to voting and staff 
	election. Feel free to show this ballot to any staff member 
	requesting it.
-- 
Pierre Machard                             Blog:http://machard.org/blog
+33 6 681 783 65                             http://machard.org/gpg.txt
GPG: 1024D/23706F87 : B906 A53F 84E0 49B6 6CF7  82C2 B3A0 2D66 2370 6F87
{% endhighlight %}
