---
layout: master
title: Staff
---
* toc
{:toc}

# Who to turn to for assistance #

The Network Staff are responsible for the maintenance and well-being of the
Network and its users. Many staff members have multiple roles, and not all roles
are listed here. These are the people you should seek for assistance.

Staff are assigned to their roles during annual staff-wide elections from the
8th to the 11th of every October. Between elections, staff may be promoted,
demoted, added, or removed by the [Network Operations Committee](/Network
Operations Committee), as outlined in the Network's
[Constitution](/constitution), which also outlines the rules for the elections.
OFTC's constitution is enforced by resolution
[2002-07-02.iwj.5](http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2002/2002-07-02.iwj.5/)
of [Software in the Public Interest's](http://www.spi-inc.org/) Board of
Directors.

When connected to our IRC network, staff are identifiable by their hostmasks:
`<staffmember>.<role>.oftc.net`. Users may also request a cloaked hostmask,for
information see [UserCloaks](/UserCloaks).

If you would like to join our staff or sponsor a server, please refer to our
[Application](/Application) and send it via mail. All applications submitted and
not withdrawn prior to consideration are made public with sensitive information
removed.

## Inquiries ##

Please address all general inquiries, requests, and comments to support:
support@oftc.net.

## Network Operations Committee Chair ##

The [Network Operations Committee Chair](/Network Operations Committee Chair) is
responsible for chairing [Network Operations Committee](/Network Operations
Committee) meetings and other communications, calling elections, and assigning
or reassigning responsibilities to other members of the Committee.

 * Chair - Christoph Berg (Myon) <chair -at- oftc.net>

## Ombudsman ##

The [Ombudsman](/Ombudsman) is the judicial system of the Network and is
responsible for hearing and acting upon complaints brought against any member of
the staff or against the network itself.

 * Ombudsman - Timothy J. Fontaine (tjfontaine) <ombudsman -at- oftc.net>

## Network Operations Committee ##

The [Network Operations Committee](/Network Operations Committee) is the
legislative body at the heart of the Network's administration and is responsible
for making all decisions related to the operation of the network, including
approving of new staff members or of servers.

 * Stuart Walsh (cryogen)
 * Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff)
 * Neil McGovern (Maulkin)
 * Christoph Berg (Myon)
 * Robert A. Nowak (rnowak)
 * Seth Arnold (sarnold)
 * Timothy J. Fontaine (tjfontaine)
 * Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel)
 * Doug Freed (dwfreed)

## Department Heads ##

The Chair reserves the right to assign and if necessary reassign
[Departments](/departments) to members of the [NOC](/Network Operations
Committee) to run different aspects of the network and its associated services.
These departments may contain staff from among all members of the Network's
staff.

## Network Operators ##

[Network Operators](/Network_Operator) are responsible for the enforcement of
policies set out by the [Network Operations Committee](/Network Operations
Committee) and are responsible for responding to or forwarding requests for
assistance from any user of the Network.

A copy of the guidelines for this role, as they would be received by someone
voted to this position, can be found [here](/Network_Operator).

 * Jimmy Kaplowitz (Hydroxide)
 * Michael Greb (mikegrb)
 * Mark Walling (mwalling)
 * Richard Hartmann (RichiH)
 * Scott Bender (scott)
 * Tom Wesley (tomaw)
 * Alexander Wirt (formorer)
 * Uli Martens (youam)

## Network Representatives ##

[Network Representatives](/Network_Representative) are responsible for helping
users in any way they can, and requesting assistance from
[NetOps](/Network_Operator) or [NOC](/Network Operations Committee) members
where they can not.

A copy of the guidelines for this role, as they would be received by someone
voted to this position, can be found [here](/Network_Representative).

 * Andre Guibert de Bruet (andy)
 * JT Allison (arlen)
 * Anthony Velardi (avelardi)
 * Bernd Zeimetz (bzed)
 * Rhosyn Celyn (cwningen)
 * Jonathan Frederickson (jfred)
 * Matt London (Matt)
 * Rico Gloeckner (mc)
 * Rich McIntosh (mcintosh)
 * Richard Rose (rik)
 * Tobias Wolter (towo)
 * Sean Glover (wladek)
 * Jan Prunk (yang)

## Advisors ##

Being an [Advisor](/Advisor) is an honorary and not an administrative position.

A copy of the guidelines for this role, as they would be received by someone
voted to this position, can be found [here](/Advisor).

 * David Graham (cdlu)

## Server Sponsors ##

[Server Sponsors](/Server_Sponsor) are an integral part of the functioning of
any network. Sponsors provide the network with the use of servers on which the
Network may run irc daemons, or in some situations, other services.

A copy of the guidelines for this role, as they would be received by someone
voted to this position, can be found [here](/Server_Sponsor).

Please note that we cannot guarantee that any specific server will be accessible
at any specific time. Always use irc.oftc.net to connect, or irc6.oftc.net if
you are using ipv6. This will take you to an active server.

 * Andre Guibert de Bruet (andy) (oxygen - Ann Arbor, MI, US)
 * Mendel Mobach (BugBlue) (galapagos - The Netherlands)
 * Joerg Jaspert (Ganneff) (reticulum - Berlin, DE)
 * Anton Lundin (glance) (solenoid - Umeå, Sweden)
 * Josip Rodin (Joy), [CARNet](http://www.carnet.hr/) (kilo - Zagreb, HR)
 * Luca Filipozzi (luca) (graviton - Vancouver, BC, CA)
 * Mattias Wadenstein (maswan) (solenoid - Umeå, Sweden)
 * Rico Gloeckner (mc) (venus - Nuremberg, DE)
 * Michael Römer (miro) (unununium - Karlsruhe, Baden Württemberg, DE) ?
 * Rob Bradford (robster) (charon - London, United Kingdom)
 * (xenon - CA, US)
 * Eric Evans (urandom) (osmotic - Grapevine, TX, USA)
 * Doug Winter (winjer) (kinetic - Brighton, UK)
 * Martin-Zobel Helas (zobel) (magnet - Darmstadt, DE)
 * AS6453 (reflection - Montréal, Quebec, CA)
 * [mythic beasts](https://www.mythic-beasts.com/) (charon - London, UK)
 * [Linode](http://www.linode.com/), Christopher S. Aker (caker)
(strange, weber, resistance - Fremont, CA, US)
 * [OSUOSL](http://osuosl.org/) (larich - Corvalis, OR, US)

