# Welcome to OFTC! #

The Open and Free Technology Community aims to provide stable and effective collaboration services to members of the community in any part of the world, while closely listening to their needs and desires.

OFTC was founded at the end of 2001 by a group of experienced members of the Open Source and Free Software communities aiming to provide these communities with better communication, development, and support infrastructure.

OFTC is a member project of [Software in the Public Interest](http://www.spi-inc.org/), a non-profit organization which was founded to help organizations develop and distribute open hardware and software.

## Connecting ##

You can reach the OFTC IRC network by using a traditional [IRC Client](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_IRC_clients) of choice, or by the [WebChat](WebChat) that we provide. The webchat enables you to connect to the network and chat directly from within your browser.

**Connection Details:**

 * [irc://irc.oftc.net:6667](irc://irc.oftc.net:6667)
  * Alternative ports: 6668-6670, 7000
 * Connectivity over both IPv4 and IPv6 is available
   * For IPv6 connections, supply a flag in your client if your operating system's preference isn't IPv6
   * If you're on a broken dual stack and can only use IPv4, connect to irc://irc4.oftc.net:6667
 * SSL is enabled on all servers, the port for connecting is 6697
  * Alternative port: 9999
 * *-- or alternatively --* connect using our [WebChat](WebChat)


If you're unable to connect via the default ports please use one of the alternate ports: for normal unencrypted connections use ports 6668-6670 or port 7000, for SSL encrypted connections use port 9999.

We support SSL on all our servers.  The certs are signed, indirectly, by SPI's certification authority.  You can get the root certificate at the SPI website under http://www.spi-inc.org/ca/spi-cacert.crt, and if you care you can verify it using [the pgp-signed fingerprints](http://www.spi-inc.org/ca/spi-cacert.fingerprint.txt). Alternatively, install a certificate collection (ca-certificates or similar names are common) that includes it.

If you have support requests regarding the operation of the network please stop by ``` #oftc ``` or email ``` support@oftc.net ```

## News ##

### 2013 ###

####March

  * A webchat has been lurking in the shadows for some time, and is now being announced to the world at large. Visit [WebChat](WebChat) for more information.

### 2012 ###

####November

  * On November 26th, [OFTC](OFTC) enabled automatic cloaking for those who wish to use it, please see [UserCloaks](UserCloaks) for more information and caveats.
  * The [2012 staff election](Staff/Elections/2012) is now over and counted. You can review the staff changes on the [Staff](Staff) page.

####January

  * On January 18th, a bug in anti-spambot software we are using mistakenly kicked a large number of legitimate users from the network. The bug has been fixed, and we apologize for the incovenience caused.

### 2011 ###

####November

  * The [2011 staff election](Staff/Elections/2011) is now over and counted. You can review the staff changes on the [Staff](Staff) page.

### 2010 ###

####October

  * The [2010 staff election](Staff/Elections/2010) is now over and counted. You can review the staff changes on the [Staff](Staff) page.

####May

  * oftc-ircservices-1.4.0 has been released, this includes the much anticipated [GroupServ](GroupServ) module to make it easy for groups to manage multiple channel access lists with centralized group management

####April

  * We have two new staff members, welcome aboard mwalling and youam!

### 2009 ###

####October

  * The 2009 staff election is now over and counted. You can review the staff changes on the [Staff](Staff) page.

